# imagenet plotter
Simple script for plotting images into SVG files taking Gephi exported GEXF files as inputs.

## Requirements
* Python 3 (Python 2 not supported)
* Python modules 'Pillow' and 'svgwrite'.

## Input file characteristics
* **GEXF graph file**: script was developed taking in GEXF files generated by Gephi (0.9.2), which are marked as GEXF 1.3. The file should contain the position of the nodes and nodes should have attributes 'type', 'file' and 'link'. Image nodes should be have their 'type' attributes set to 'image'.
* **Image files**: image files should be in a folder named 'img' placed in the same folder as the GEXF file (i.e. folder/graph.gexf and folder/img/image1.jpg). Filenames must match the nodes' 'file' attribute.

## Installation
1. Download the script from this page, unzip and place the script files in some directory.
2. Install module requirements using pip. From terminal, go to the script's folder and call:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
If you have more than one version of python installed, you may need to call pip for python3:
```
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Rename config_sample.ini to config.ini and edit the settings according to your use of the script (see section below)

## Configuration
The config file contains several options which are all described in its comments. Edit the file according to the instructions below. These are the *mandatory* options that should be set for each use of the script. Other options can be left as default.

* Input
    1. ProjectFolder: should be set to the exact name of a folder containing:
        * The GEXF file generated in Gephi according to the instructions above.
        * A folder containing the images which will be plotted according to the positions of the GEXF file.
    2. AbsolutePath:
        * set to 'no' if in the previous option you have indicated only the folder name (in which case the folder should be in the script's root folder).
        * set to 'yes' if in the previous option you have indicated the full path for a folder located elsewhere in your computer.
    3. InputFile: should be set for the exact name of the GEXF file, placed inside the project folder and generated according to instructions above.

## Execution
Run the script "main.py" in a terminal window. To run in terminal, move to the script's directory and type
```
python main.py
```
If you have more than one python version installed, it might be needed to call python3 instead of python.
Check the terminal for possible errors and for progress reporting.

Terminal scripts can be interrupted by pressing Ctrl+C.

## Credits
Script by André Mintz. Feb 2018.

## Disclaimer
**As-is software, no support or warranty provided.**
